Migrate experiment tracking documentation (#2250)
kedro-org/kedro-viz: docs/source/experiment_tracking.md

# Experiment tracking in Kedro-Viz

```{important}

> Starting from Kedro-Viz 11.0.0, native experiment tracking will be deprecated in Kedro and Kedro-Viz. To enable experiment tracking in Kedro with MLflow, refer to the [`kedro-mlflow` documentation](https://docs.kedro.org/en/latest/integrations/mlflow.html).

Reviewer: Shouldn't we link to our own migration docs?

```suggestion
Starting from Kedro-Viz 11.0.0, native experiment tracking will be deprecated in Kedro and Kedro-Viz. To enable experiment tracking in Kedro with MLflow, refer to the [`kedro-mlflow` documentation](/migrate_experiment_tracking.md).
```

(unsure if relative links like this work out of the box, please check)
